Userpilot mobile destination (#7800)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/userpilot-mobile/index.md

This destination is maintained by Userpilot. For any issues with the destination, [contact the Userpilot Support team](mailto:support@userpilot.com).

## Getting started

1. From your workspace's [Destination catalog page](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/destinations/catalog){:target="_blank"}, search for "Userpilot Mobile (Device Mode)".
2. Select **Userpilot Mobile** and click **Add Destination**.
3. Select an existing Source to connect to Userpilot.
4. Go to the [Userpilot installation dashboard](https://run.userpilot.io/installation){:target="_blank"}, and copy your **App Token**.
5. Enter the **App Token** in the Userpilot destination settings in Segment.

## Supported methods

Userpilot supports the following methods, as specified in the [Segment Spec](/docs/connections/spec).

### Identify

Send [Identify](/docs/connections/spec/identify) calls to associate a user with traits. These are used for segmentation, personalization, and lifecycle targeting.

```swift
analytics.identify(userId: "<USER_ID>", traits: [
  "email": "john.doe@example.com",
  "name": "John Doe",
  "plan": "Pro",
  "createdAt": "2023-08-01T00:00:00Z"
])
```

> Calling `identify` from `Segment` will trigger the `userpilot.identify`. Segment recommends passing as much data as possible to get the most out of Userpilot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling Identify from Segment triggers `userpilot.identify`. Segment recommends passing as much data as possible to get the most out of Userpilot.
```

> Data passed in an Identify call can be organized under different categories.
> * Properties about the user such as `plan` or `userRole` to help targeting a specifc segment
> * Properties to personalize the content of the Userpilot experiences, such as `name` or `company`
> * Properties to target users based on their lifecycle, such as `createdAt`, which allows you to target newly created accounts or accounts that have yet to achieve a certain feature in the user lifecyle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data passed in an Identify call can be organized under these different categories:
* Properties about the user such as `plan` or `userRole` help target a specific segment
* Properties to personalize the content of the Userpilot experiences, such as `name` or `company`
* Properties to target users based on their lifecycle, such as `createdAt`, which allows you to target newly created accounts or accounts that have yet to achieve a certain feature in the user lifecycle
```

> These appear within the Userpilot user dashboard and power audience segmentation and targeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These appear within Userpilot's user dashboard and power audience segmentation and targeting.
```

### Group
Send [Group](/docs/connections/spec/group) calls to associate users with an account, organization, or project.

```swift
analytics.group(groupId: "<GROUP_ID>", traits: [
  "companyName": "Acme Inc.",
  "subscriptionTier": "Enterprise"
])
```

Segment sends Group calls to Userpilot as a `userpilot.identify` update with company-level traits, allowing you to use company metadata in targeting logic.

### Screen
Send [Screen](/docs/connections/spec/screen) calls to track navigation or screen changes in mobile apps.

```swift
analytics.screen(title: "Home")
```

Segment sends Screen calls to Userpilot as a `userpilot.screen` event. This allows Userpilot to:
* Trigger relevant experiences configured for specific pages/screens.
* Check for ongoing experiences already running.

### Track

Send [Track](/docs/connections/spec/track) calls to log user actions or custom events.

```swift
analytics.track(name: "Button Clicked", properties: [
  "buttonColor": "green"
])
```

Segment sends Track calls to Userpilot as `userpilot.track`. These custom events can be used to:

> * Trigger specific experiences (e.g., a Caroucel or Survey)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Trigger specific experiences (for example, a Carousel or Survey)
```
